with the tongue sticking out the broken muscles the ancon returns to the top of the championship a
big heart so the dorici the point of advantage on the fermana to two
days from the end and above all on the eve of the long-awaited stop
0 in fried to the real metauro to the left handed to do heavy result in an evening
troubled in which almost half the team ends here cramps and men
of manuelli cause some thrills around the ninetieth it starts with a
satisfactory pace but in the first quarter of an hour you don't produce shots on goal
the first towards the speck and adversary shot by marani from 30 meters recchia
need that the ball pins on the bottom the answer of the anchor does not wait
people but they nardone that unleashing whimsical cuddly safe
bacciaglia is decisive in the deviation in corners then Pesaro
exploits the tile on punishment but this time the feat fails
still marani always from 30 meters kicks of left ecchite careful blocks in
two times at the end of the first half ignites at the 45th Marani free
swallow that enters the area load right marco lys imola i save the types
then in football we know the unspoken rule of the wrong goal applies
it also happens to the real metauro that the second and last minute of recovery
capitulates on an insistent action of the Doric forwards and ended by looking for us with
a shot at the near post
the advantage required to rest loosens the tension of hominid rallies at
return to the field the control of the game is not in question even though
the ancon takes about twenty minutes to return to being dangerous from the
parts of waffle the task belongs to holy men who I am vat for two men first
to unload a missile that the metaurense goalkeeper deflects for a corner always
bacciaglia accompanies on the bottom yet another brushstroke of Pesaro on
punishment and then lucky when you save the poisonous in the corner
conclusion of nard hours caught in belts the doubling does not arrive and the
tiredness takes energies the real metauro I try to take advantage of that in
final touches the resounding equal in 60 seconds he knew cage padlocks in the area of
rigor by hitting the arcolai bulwark in full and then continuing the swallow on the fly
of left put to ball that goes through all the small area without
that no one comes for the eel
the ancona on the knees and saves returns before now so marco antennae
lelli